feat: add auth plugin for casdoor (#6382)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/auth-casdoor.md

| casdoor_endpoint  | string | required    |         |       | The url of casdoor.             |
| casdoor_client_id | string | required    |         |       | The client id in casdoor.                          |
| casdoor_client_secret       | string | required    |         |       | The client secret in casdoor.               |
| casdoor_callback_url      | string | required    |         |       | The callback url which is used to receive state and code.                            |

## How To Enable

You can enable the plugin on any route by giving out all four attributes mentioned above.

### Example

```shell
curl "http://127.0.0.1:9080/apisix/admin/routes/1" -H "X-API-KEY: edd1c9f034335f136f87ad84b625c8f1" -X PUT -d '
{
  "methods": ["GET"],
  "uri": "/anything/*",
  "plugins": {
    "auth-casdoor": {
        "casdoor_callback_url":"http://localhost:9080/anything/callback",
        "casdoor_endpoint":"http://localhost:8000",
        "casdoor_client_id":"7ceb9b7fda4a9061ec1c",
        "casdoor_client_secret":"3416238e1edf915eac08b8fe345b2b95cdba7e04"
    }
   },
  "upstream": {
    "type": "roundrobin",
    "nodes": {
      "httpbin.org:80": 1
    }
  }
}'

```

> By doing this all requests toward `/anything/*` will be intercepted and whether this user has logged in via Casdoor will be checked (by checking session). If not, the user will be redirected to login page of casdoor, thus implementing authentication without modifying server's code.

Reviewer: Could you provide a step-by-step example?
I still can't fully understand it after reading it twice...
It looks like the callback_url needs to contain part of the request host & path?

| callback_url      | string | required    |         |       | The callback url which is used to receive state and code.                            |
|test|boolean|not required|false| |used for unit test, no need to set it for users|

## How To Enable

You can enable the plugin on any route by giving out all four attributes mentioned above.

### Example

```shell
curl "http://127.0.0.1:9080/apisix/admin/routes/1" -H "X-API-KEY: edd1c9f034335f136f87ad84b625c8f1" -X PUT -d '
{
  "methods": ["GET"],
  "uri": "/anything/*",
  "plugins": {
    "auth-casdoor": {
        "casdoor_endpoint":"http://localhost:8000",
        "callback_url":"http://localhost:9080/anything/callback",
        "client_id":"7ceb9b7fda4a9061ec1c",
        "client_secret":"3416238e1edf915eac08b8fe345b2b95cdba7e04"
    }
  },
  "upstream": {
    "type": "roundrobin",
    "nodes": {
      "httpbin.org:80": 1
    }
  }
}'

```

In this example, using apisix's admin API we created a route "/anything/*" pointed to "httpbin.org:80", and with "auth-casdoor" enabled. This route is now under authentication protection of casdoor.

> #### explanations about parameters of this plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Explanations about parameters of this plugin
```

In the configuration of "auth-casdoor" plugin we can see four parameters.

> The first one is "callback_url". This is exactly the callback url in OAuth2. It should be emphasized that this callback url **must belong to the "uri" you specified for the route**, for example, in this example, http://localhost:9080/anything/callback obviously belong to "/anything/*" Only by this way can the visit toward callback_url can be intercepted and utilized by the plugin(so that the plugin can get the code and state in Oauth2). The logic of callback_url is implemented competely by plugin so that there is no need to modify the server implement this callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first one is "callback_url". This is exactly the callback url in OAuth2. It should be emphasized that this callback url **must belong to the "uri" you specified for the route**, for example, in this example, http://localhost:9080/anything/callback obviously belong to "/anything/*". Only by this way can the visit toward callback_url can be intercepted and utilized by the plugin(so that the plugin can get the code and state in Oauth2). The logic of callback_url is implemented completely by the plugin so that there is no need to modify the server to implement this callback.
```

> The second parameter "callback_url" is obviously the url of Casdoor. The third and fourth parameters are "client_id" and "client_secret", which you can acquire from Casdoor when you register an app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second parameter "endpoint_addr" is obviously the url of Casdoor. The third and fourth parameters are "client_id" and "client_secret", which you can acquire from Casdoor when you register an app.
```

Reviewer: Missing this one?

#### How it works?

> Suppose a new user who have never visited this route before is going to visit it (http://localhost:9080/anything/d?param1=foo&param2=bar), considering that "auth-casdoor" is enabled, this visit would be processed by "auth-casdoor" plugin first. After checking the session and confirming that this use hasn't been authentication, the visit will be intercepted. After remembering the original url user wants to visit, he will be redirected to the login page of Casdoor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose a new user who has never visited this route before is going to visit it (http://localhost:9080/anything/d?param1=foo&param2=bar), considering that "auth-casdoor" is enabled, this visit would be processed by "auth-casdoor" plugin first. After checking the session and confirming that this user hasn't been authenticated, the visit will be intercepted. With the original url user wants to visit kept, he will be redirected to the login page of Casdoor.
```

> After successfully logging in with username and password(or whatever method he use), Casdoor will redirect this user to the "callback_url" with GET parameter "code " and "state" specified. Because the "callback_url" is known by the plugin, so when the visit toward the "callback_url" is intercepted this time, the logic of "Authorization code Grant Flow" in Oauth2 will be triggered, which means this plugin will request the access token to confirm whether this user is really logged in. After this confirmation, this plugin will redirect this user to the original url user wants to visit, which was remembered by us previously. The logged in status will also be remembered by session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully logging in with username and password(or whatever method he uses), Casdoor will redirect this user to the "callback_url" with GET parameter "code " and "state" specified. Because the "callback_url" is known by the plugin, when the visit toward the "callback_url" is intercepted this time, the logic of "Authorization code Grant Flow" in Oauth2 will be triggered, which means this plugin will request the access token to confirm whether this user is really logged in. After this confirmation, this plugin will redirect this user to the original url user wants to visit, which was kept by us previously. The logged-in status will also be kept in the session.
```

> Next time this user want to visit url behind this route (for example, http://localhost:9080/anything/d), after discovering that this user have been authentication previously, this plugin won't redirect this user any more so that this user can visit whatever he wants under this route without being interfered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next time this user want to visit url behind this route (for example, http://localhost:9080/anything/d), after discovering that this user has been authenticated previously, this plugin won't redirect this user anymore so that this user can visit whatever he wants under this route without being interfered
```

- [**Test Plugin**](#test-plugin)
- [**Disable Plugin**](#disable-plugin)
- [**Examples**](#examples)

## Name

`auth-casdoor` is an authorization plugin based on [Casdoor](https://casdoor.org/). Casdoor is a centralized authentication / Single-Sign-On (SSO) platform supporting OAuth 2.0, OIDC and SAML, integrated with Casbin RBAC and ABAC permission management.

## Attributes

| Name        | Type   | Requirement | Default | Valid | Description                                                  |
| ----------- | ------ | ----------- | ------- | ----- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| endpoint_addr  | string | required    |         |       | The url of casdoor.             |
| client_id | string | required    |         |       | The client id in casdoor.                          |
| client_secret       | string | required    |         |       | The client secret in casdoor.               |
| callback_url      | string | required    |         |       | The callback url which is used to receive state and code.                            |

*Note: endpoint_addr and callback_url should not end with '/'*

## How To Enable

> You can enable the plugin on any route by giving out all four attributes mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the plugin on any route by giving out all attributes mentioned above.
```
would be better

### Example

```shell
curl "http://127.0.0.1:9080/apisix/admin/routes/1" -H "X-API-KEY: edd1c9f034335f136f87ad84b625c8f1" -X PUT -d '
{
  "methods": ["GET"],
  "uri": "/anything/*",
  "plugins": {
    "auth-casdoor": {
        "endpoint_addr":"http://localhost:8000",
        "callback_url":"http://localhost:9080/anything/callback",
        "client_id":"7ceb9b7fda4a9061ec1c",
        "client_secret":"3416238e1edf915eac08b8fe345b2b95cdba7e04"
    }
  },
  "upstream": {
    "type": "roundrobin",
    "nodes": {
      "httpbin.org:80": 1
    }
  }
}'

```

> In this example, using apisix's admin API we created a route "/anything/*" pointed to "httpbin.org:80", and with "auth-casdoor" enabled. This route is now under authentication protection of casdoor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, using apisix's admin API we created a route "/anything/*" pointed to "httpbin.org:80", and with "auth-casdoor" enabled. This route is now under authentication protection of Casdoor.
```

#### Explanations about parameters of this plugin

In the configuration of "auth-casdoor" plugin we can see four parameters.

The first one is "callback_url". This is exactly the callback url in OAuth2. It should be emphasized that this callback url **must belong to the "uri" you specified for the route**, for example, in this example, http://localhost:9080/anything/callback obviously belong to "/anything/*". Only by this way can the visit toward callback_url can be intercepted and utilized by the plugin(so that the plugin can get the code and state in Oauth2). The logic of callback_url is implemented completely by the plugin so that there is no need to modify the server to implement this callback.

> The second parameter "callback_url" is obviously the url of Casdoor. The third and fourth parameters are "client_id" and "client_secret", which you can acquire from Casdoor when you register an app.

Reviewer: Please fix this.

#### How it works?

Suppose a new user who has never visited this route before is going to visit it (http://localhost:9080/anything/d?param1=foo&param2=bar), considering that "auth-casdoor" is enabled, this visit would be processed by "auth-casdoor" plugin first. After checking the session and confirming that this user hasn't been authenticated, the visit will be intercepted. With the original url user wants to visit kept, he will be redirected to the login page of Casdoor.

> After successfully logging in with username and password(or whatever method he uses), Casdoor will redirect this user to the "callback_url" with GET parameter "code " and "state" specified. Because the "callback_url" is known by the plugin, when the visit toward the "callback_url" is intercepted this time, the logic of "Authorization code Grant Flow" in Oauth2 will be triggered, which means this plugin will request the access token to confirm whether this user is really logged in. After this confirmation, this plugin will redirect this user to the original url user wants to visit, which was kept by us previously. The logged-in status will also be kept in the session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After successfully logging in with username and password(or whatever method he uses), Casdoor will redirect this user to the "callback_url" with GET parameter "code" and "state" specified. Because the "callback_url" is known by the plugin, when the visit toward the "callback_url" is intercepted this time, the logic of "Authorization code Grant Flow" in Oauth2 will be triggered, which means this plugin will request the access token to confirm whether this user is really logged in. After this confirmation, this plugin will redirect this user to the original url user wants to visit, which was kept by us previously. The logged-in status will also be kept in the session.
```
